Tidy and ensure more robust fade in (#690)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-image/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Version | Description |
|---------|-------------|

> | 1.0.1   | [PR#000](#) Better implementation of image fade in |

Author: ```suggestion
| 1.0.1   | [PR#690](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/690) Better implementation of image fade in |
```

> | 1.0.1   | [PR#690](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/690) Better implementation of image fade in |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1.0.1   | [PR#690](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/690) Updates implementation of image fade in to additionally transition visibility |
```
